Permit
- KSK SL the only party using this daywork calculation system.
- All permit are from Kerjaya Prospek Permit.
- Initial payment is made by KP, worker have to pay off the permit cost per month.
- Permit department maintain and keep track of these records.

Salary / Salary Loan
- Depends on the permit or balance outstanding, if substantial the loan will likely be rejected.
- HQ keeps track
- Site Manager -> Director -> Complete

Daywork Payout
- Select type (KSK, SL) 
	- KSK paid once a month.
	- SL splits pay by awarded.
	- KSK mixed with different projects will be paid out based on the last project worked at.
	- KSK mixed with SL will have two different payment. KSK work once a month, SL on the different schedule.
	- SL with different cert will be paid individually.
Salary report
- Red means no bank account, permit workers usually are able to open bank account.
- Green Header means KSK.
- Project Summary payout at the bottom.
- Red means public holiday / Sunday working on these days without approval will be null and void means no salary will be made on that day. Site clerk need to approve for work day else null and void.
- Yellow for Thursday.
- Unassigned OT is blue.
- Day rate / Hour rate * total hour = Sub Amount
- Meal allowance after 21:30
- 6th of each month is finalized payment.
- Permit cost will be in remark cell with P annotation (Only permit department can edit this detail)
	- Deduction type (Loan, Debit Note, Permit, Misc)
- Missed salary payment will need to be approved by HR and Director before putting it in pre post payment module.
- SL will separate based on trade / certificate type.
- Site Clerk -> QS -> Permit -> Finalized.
- SL will always will be later than KSK due to details that need to be finalized.
- Debit Note for SL will be declared on the total amount for SL kepala.
- Sometimes the workdone payout isn't enough to cover the cost. When that happens a ratio will be applied to individual workdone amount.
- paycert/index2_award_sl_split.php
- 